add article and solver for day 1 2022 (#112)
scalacenter/scala-advent-of-code: docs/2022/puzzles/day01.md

import Solver from "../../../../../website/src/components/Solver.js"

# Day 1: Calorie Counting
by [@bishabosha](https://twitter.com/bishabosha)

## Puzzle description

https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/1

## Solution Summary

First transform the input into a `List` of `Inventory`, each `Inventory` is a list of `Int`, representing the calorie
count of an item in the inventory, this is handled in `scanInventories`.

### Part 1

> given the `List` of `Inventory`, we must first find the total calorie count of each inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the `List` of `Inventory`, we must first find the total calorie count of each inventory.
```

Author: thanks

> > For a single `Inventory`, we do this with the `sum` method its `items` property (found in the `List` class). e.g. `inventory.items.sum`.

Reviewer: Why is this in a quote `>` ?

Also I think there is something missing in the sentence:
```suggestion
For a single `Inventory`, we do this using the `sum` method on its `items` property (found in the `List` class). e.g. `inventory.items.sum`.
```

Author: thanks
